[MUSIC PLAYING]
Hi.
I'm Bob Bailey, a learning
specialist with Brightcove.
In this video, we'll see how to
activate and deactivate videos.
Let's start by defining
what we mean by activating
a video or an active video.
A video in an
active state simply
means it can be played inside
of a Brightcove player.
A video that is deactivated
cannot be played
inside of a Brightcove player.
If I look at the Media
module, active videos
will have a green eye
icon in the Status field.
Videos with a black eye
with a line through it
are deactivated and
can't be played.
If the status field
isn't displayed,
use the column
selector to turn it on.
To deactivate a video, select
it and click More, Deactivate.
To activate a video, select
it and click More, Activate.
One common question
that we do get,
what if I have a
video in a playlist,
and then that video
is deactivated?
Will the video still
appear in the playlist?
Will the video appear
and just not play?
The answer is if a video and
a playlist is deactivated,
it will not appear
in the playlist.